Name : Hour Seth Thavareak

Batch 11 Semester 1

Project Title : Number Guessing Game

Programming Language : Python

This number guessing game is a game where the user tries to guess a number that has been randomly generated by the computer. The users neet to get the right answer with in few possible guess, and if they can guess the correct number, they win the game. Otherwise, they lose the game.

The objective of the game is to guess the correct number in as few guesses as possible. The player can try to guess any number between the minimum and maximum number, which is usually specified by the game. The player will receive feedback after each guess, such as "too high" or "too low," to help them narrow down the possible number.

The game can be made more challenging by increasing the number of possible numbers, or by limiting the number of guesses that the player has. The game can also be made more fun by adding different elements, such as a timer or a scoring system.

Here are some of the benefits of playing a number guessing game:

-It can improve your problem-solving skills.

-It can help you develop your logic and critical thinking skills.

-It can teach you how to deal with uncertainty and risk.

-It can be a fun and challenging way to pass the time.

If you are looking for a fun and challenging game to play, I recommend trying a number guessing game. It is a great way to improve your problem-solving skills and have some fun at the same time.




Example :

This is a simple number guessing game that is played between the user and the computer. The computer generates a random number between 1 and 100, and the user tries to guess the number. The user is given a unlimited number of guesses, and if they can guess the number, they win the game.

How to play :

1/Run the code by typing python number_guessing_game.py in your terminal.

2/The computer will generate a random number between 1 and 100.

3/You will be prompted to guess a number.

4/Enter your guess and press enter.

5/The computer will tell you if your guess is too high, too low, or correct.

6/Continue guessing until you guess the correct number or you run out of guesses.

7/If you guess the correct number within the allotted number of guesses, you win the game!
Dependencies
